fix(babel-preset-mc-app): to add loose private methods (#2203)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/tiny-kids-wait.md

---
"@commercetools-frontend/babel-preset-mc-app": patch
---

> Fixes `babel-preset-mc-app` warnings by adding loose configuration to private methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes `babel-preset-mc-app` warnings about `loose` mode. You can now pass a `disableLooseMode` option to this preset to turn it off (defaults to `true`).
```
